docs(flutter): recommend SDK 5.14.0 for latest survey features (#14994)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/surveys/installation/flutter.mdx

<Step title="Add PostHog to your app" badge="required">

> Using it requires PostHog's Flutter SDK version >= 5.8.0, but version 5.14.0 or later is recommended for the latest survey customization features. See [the latest version](/docs/sdk-doctor).

Author: ```suggestion
Using it requires PostHog's Flutter SDK version >= 5.8.0, but version 5.14.0 or later is recommended for the latest survey customization features. You can check your current version in PostHog using [the SDK Doctor](/docs/sdk-doctor).
```
